<!-- Author: Codex & Jörn -->

Experiment Idea: It's been conjectured (source?) that for simplices there's a bound sys <= 3/4, where the orthogonal simplex attains the maximum.
There's a few phases of this experiment (assuming here we don't early exit):
1) Generate random 4d simplices and just check if the conjecture holds
2) Make a conjecture about the overall distribution of sys values for random simplices, e.g. whether the orthogonal simplex and its transformations under affine symplectomorphisms are the only equality cases.
3) Build up enough theory to understand how much we can deform simplices via affine symplectomorphisms, such that we get a compact/nice space of simplices modulo Sp(4). Then think about whether we can find a finite set of simplices such that all volume-1 simplices are contained within one of them (in the compact version). If so, we can directly check the conjecture using that finite set, i.e. we get a largest capacity, which is an upper bound on the volume-1 simplices' capacity, and which gives us some bound on the systolic ratio by that. The problem is ofc that in order to contain a volume 1 simplex, the simplex must have volume >1, and thus will have, near the 3/4 case, a capacity >sqrt(2 * 3/4), so we don't exactly get our conjecture back. Mayybe we can find some better way to approximate the region around the orthogonal simplex, or we are satisfied with the laxer bound of e.g. sys <= 1, i.e. Viterbo's conjecture for simplices.
4) We can compute the mesh of simplices that cover the volume 1 cases, and plug that dataset into e.g. a Lean verifier to get a formal proof of the conjecture. In particular, in order to prove an upper bound on the capacity, it's sufficient to give an orbit as witness, with tracked numerical error bounds, or we could use rational numbers for all the witnesses.